# S1AMC0D3
We are creating a website of slam poetry.

# Background: 
 <p> We want to design and develop a web-based app for facilitating slam poetry competitions. The goal of this web-based app is to score contestants efficiently since current Slam Poetry contest scores are calculated by hand. <br/> </p>
 <p> The app needs to take a roster of 6-8 poets and 5 judges. Each judge will rate each poets performance on a scale of 0-10, including decimal points, and the app will sum the middle three scores, dropping the highest and lowest scores that a poet receives as their total score. The app will then order the poets according to their scores and narrow the number of poets to half of the population rounded up, with the highest scoring poets proceeding to the next round. There are 3 rounds in each competition. </br> </p>
<p> The application will be similar to the game Kahoot! where  users can log on with a code from the event to score contestants. For the scope of this class we will focus on making a website that is also mobile friendly for users to log in. Our primary users are the judges who are random audience members that do not know the poets. The audience members’ ages can range from high school students to senior citizens, so we will focus on developing a simple design that all ages can use.</br> </p>

# Directions:
<p> The database for our project is on PostgresSQL, so PostgresSQL needs to be running on your PC. The server also needs to be run by navigating to Project web and entering the command “node server.js”. You can then navigate to the home page by opening Home.html. Hosts of slam poetry should navigate to the host page to receive a randomly generated code for the slam event. 5 judges should navigate to the judge page, enter the code given to the host of the event, and then rate each poet as they perform. The stats page is for any audience members who want to view the current slam stats. The poet info page has information about the current contestants.  <br/> </p>
